Basic functional requirements - 

System allows the passenger to enter data and admin to view and modify data on system:
Insert passenger details and add to database
Admin can update or delete information in database
Admin creates databases when needed
Payment table allows data to be inserted as soon as meal is booked
Admin can delete meals form meal and add to deliveries done using trigger

Expected requirements

Function
1. Generate Payment ID Takes meal id as input and 
generates count of payments 
done for that meal id. It also 
displays information about 
cook, meal and kitchen
Input: Meal id
Output: Count of payments done for 
that meal

2. Display delivery boy name Takes passenger name as 
input and displays name of 
delivery boy who will deliver 
meal to them
Input: passenger name
Output: delivery boy name

3. Track delivery Function to enable user or 
admin to call delivery boy and 
check status of given meal id
Input: meal id
Output: Delivery boy phone number

4. Count meals Counts no. of meals ordered 
from a given kitchen
Input: kitchen id
Output: Count of meals

Procedure
1. Display cooks and kitchen details
Procedure is used to display 
name of cook and the kitchen 
they work at, when input 
parameter is kitchen id. It also 
retrieves count of cooks at 
given kitchen id
Input: kitchen id
Output: No. of cooks working at 
that kitchen and their details

2. Display meal details Procedure to display meal 
details and kitchen that 
cooked it
Input: Meal id
Output: Meal and kitchen details

Trigger
Name: Backup of delivered meals 
Use: Trigger will move meals deleted from meals into another tables. This indicates a delivery has been done
Input: After delete on meal table
Output: New record in deliveries_done

Improvements / Recommendations
1. Customer can track order using a static progress bar. Future scope involves real time tracking of the meal and delivery boy using GPS. 
2. If meal is not delivered at station specified in payment table, delivery boy should inform admin of this delay and next station enroute of train will be requested to cover missed meal.
3. Updates can be sent to the passenger via provided phone number or email id.
4. Development on workbench or Oracle will be easier than backend development on MySQL command line.

